# Set List Lab - Redux Delete

## Objectives

1. Remove responsibility for rendering bands from the `BandsContainer` by 
creating `Bands` and `Band` components.
2. Implement a delete button for each band, such that the store is appropriately 
updated.

## Overview

Well all things change, and sometimes that means that even our favorite bands 
break up and we must remove all evidence of them. We want an application that 
allows us to remove specific bands, and have those changes reflected in our 
store's state and on the page.  

We are starting off with our work from the previous lab, a React/Redux app that 
allows us to create new band elements and displays them on the page. In order to 
maintain separation of concerns, we have removed the code from `BandsContainer` 
that renders the bands to the page. 

## Instructions

The BandInput component is already set up for you and BandsContainer is partially 
working, but take a moment to review the flow of information. The BandsContainer 
is connected to __Redux__ and has passed the `addBand` action to props. `addBand` 
is then passed as props to `BandInput` so the action can be dispatched when a new 
band is submitted. 

1. Create a new `Band` component that will be in charge of displaying the 
information for a single band.

2. Create a new `Bands` component that will handle the rendering of the `Band` 
components from a list of bands provided as props.

3. Use `BandsContainer` to access the Redux store using the provided 
`mapStateToProps` method. Pass the bands obtained from the store into the 
`Bands` component.

4. Currently, bands are stored in state as an array of strings representing the 
name of each band. In the `manageBand` reducer, change the structure of the state gvc
such that each band is an object with `id` and `name` properties; be sure to 
assign each band its own unique ID on creation. The array of objects will be 
available to `BandsContainer` through `mapStateToProps` and will need to be 
passed as props through `Bands` to each rendered `Band` component.

5. In the `Band` component, you will need to add a button that dispatches an 
action of type `'DELETE_BAND'` and passes through that band's id as the 
`action.id`. This dispatched action should be provided as a prop from 
`BandsContainer`.

6. Finally, you will need to add code to handle the `DELETE_BAND` action in the 
reducer. When a band's delete button is pressed, it will return a new list of 
bands that does not include the deleted band.

